just
Are you all right?
Let me tell you something.
They're not coming to the wedding.
That's their loss.
I go to my heart
Don't worry.
They will surely regret it
Then kneel down and beg our mother not to agree
and
I will definitely make you the most dangerous person in the world
Let the whole city bless you
hero
Is everything ready now?
Ah, it's all ready, what about the hot pot?
The money is ready
Don't worry.
I went to prepare 8.88 million
Not bad, I'll wait for Tianhao now
Let's go as soon as Tianhao arrives
Grandpa Tianhao is here
Let's go, let's go, let's go
Hello, please show the invitation.
Please check
Oh, the sky!
Please take it out and let my brother take a look at grandpa.
Ah!